=Pyndorama=

Pyndorama is an educational software that currently comes in two flavors: desktop and web application. The objective of the project is to provide a platform for students and teachers to exchange knowledge in a meaningful and pleasant way. The game play is similar to other text-based adventure games.

* Students are able to create new adventures on a mind-mapping tool, such as [http://freemind.sourceforge.net/ FreeMind], and challenge theirs friends (there are plans to embed a mind-mapping tool within the game).
* Teachers can work together with their students to provide specific information on given subjects and explore a new world out of the classroom.
* Adventures can be edited on runtime.
* Uses a minimum of external modules (YAML, PyGTK for desktop, [http://turbogears.org  TurboGears] for web)
* A myriad of utilizations have been planned, including use with [http://laptop.org/ OLPC]'s and you're free to present us you ideas.

The software is written in Python.
Web version is a [http://turbogears.org  TurboGears] application and Desktop version runs atop a GTK GUI.

Currently in development. Both versions are playable, more features being added.

Authors:
* Carlo Emmanoel T. de Oliveira
* Lívia Monnerat Castro
* Rodolfo Henrique Carvalho

----

Pyndorama é um software e uma ferramenta educacional que pode ser utilizada de duas formas: no desktop ou através da Web. O objetivo do projeto é disponibilizar uma plataforma para alunos e mestres que proporcione uma interação produtiva entre os mesmos. O jogo é similar à outros jogos de aventura baseados em comandos de texto.

* Alunos desenvolvem novas aventuras através de alguma ferramenta de mind-mapping, como o [http://freemind.sourceforge.net/ FreeMind], e desafiam seus amigos (futuramente tal funcionalidade será embutida no jogo).
* Professores podem guiar seus alunos e dar lições de sala de aula de forma interativa e divertida, facilitando o aprendizado.
* As aventuras podem ser alteradas durante o jogo.
* O programa possui um conjunto reduzido de dependências, tornando-o ideal para fácil distribuição.

O Pyndomara é escrito em Python e utiliza-se do [http://turbogears.org  TurboGears] em sua versão web, e da biblioteca GTK na versão desktop.

Em estágio de desenvolvimento. As duas versões são funcionais.

O Pyndorama é desenvolvido como projeto de pesquisa no Laboratório de Automação de Sistemas em Engenharia do Núcleo de Computação Eletrônica da Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro.

Autores:
* Carlo Emmanoel T. de Oliveira
* Lívia Monnerat Castro
* Rodolfo Henrique Carvalho
